[MUSIC PLAYING]
[HAWK CRYING]
[FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Good morning, Grandfather.
I entered this life always
back and put skin on
to walk two-legged
on this creation.
And what a glorious time it was.
It taught me about breath
and about sense and feeling
and caring through my heart.
[FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING]
And I walked on
around that Red Road,
looking and trying
to understand more
about the mystery and
the secrets she holds.
[NATIVE AMERICAN CHANTING]
And you spoke to me
through the wind.
And you sang to me
through the birds.
And you brought
challenges for us
so that I might listen
to the message you
bring me more sincerely.
[NATIVE AMERICAN CHANTING]
And I kept walking
down this road.
And I came around the
bend at the middle
of that curve in the road.
And I began to find a secret
in the spirit of myself.
[FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING]
[NATIVE AMERICAN CHANTING]
And still I walked on, sometimes
blind and deaf and sometimes
with pain.
But I fought with my fears, and
I embraced my unknowingness.
And still I walked on.
[FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING]
[NATIVE AMERICAN CHANTING]
And as the door of the Great
Spirit world came closer,
my fear loomed up
inside sometimes,
but something called me forth.
The morning star
rose with each day.
[FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING]
And my prayer
became a centering.
And still, I walked
on, until I began
to hear the song of the Mother.
And her arms embraced me so.
But instead of walking, she
carried me right to the door.
And as the door opened,
I heard her song.
And her song lifted me
up, so I could soar.
[HAWK CRYING]
[FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]